Now, although this works, that's totally fine, you can see we have our eye bar and has that hideous
color will change that.
But the other thing will notice that we can do is instead of adding in this rose scope here because
we want a little bit more flexibility, there's two ways to do this.
First of all, is that, you know, top up bar, as it is, you can actually pass.
Just like we saw in our main screen.
We saw, you know, a scaffold to have the top bar and it can pass title and so forth.
You can also do the same.
So for our top up bar here, I can actually remove all of this and put inside there.
So what I mean by that is this fall leaf is if you start typing title like these can see we have a way
of passing a title as a parameter.
And indeed, we can pass anything in this case in the form of a lambda.
So in this case, here I can just go ahead and say something like this.
OK, now when that happens, if I'm passing as a parameter, then this is not going to work because
we are already doing that by passing in as a trailing lambda.
So I'm going to cut all of that.
And then and also it means I can't get rid of all of that as well.
OK.
That also means I can also go to actions type actions like this.
You can see we have another row scope like that, which is going to be four actions.
And as you have over a can see, there's other things we can pass as parameters.
We can pass a navigation icon if you want to get past background, color, content, color and so forth.
Right.
So in this case, we wanted to pass navigation.
I convince a navigation icon like that and we pass it along a section.
So this is actually a better way of constructing our top up bar.
And of course, I'm going to pass the background color, and I can say the background color is going
to be something different.
Let's say color.
Transparent like this, and I can continue, I can say, let's say elevation, I can pass the elevation
that we're going to be passing along there.
And there you have it.
So this is way better.
And I like this better because as you see, it's easier to conceptualize and easier for us to see what's
going on.
All right.
So there is a tapas bar, it's for the title, of course.
It can go ahead and pass a text.
In this case, they will say title like we had passed there.
OK.
Let's go ahead and run again.
In fact, now looks like we heading have a problem here because I made sure that our nav controller
needs to be passed around along, I should say, say, nav controller like this?
Oops, nav controller.
OK, let's go ahead and run.
And there we go.
You can see how an empty and it is transparent.
Of course.
Background.
Now one thing I want to do instead because I am treating everything as different as possible.
Notice the reason why we have this elevation to set up to zero as default, but we can change that,
right?
When we call it, that means then for our elevation, they can add, go here and say elevation, and
I want elevation to be five that deep like this in that will change, of course, elevation, as you
will see in a minute here.
OK, can see now the elevation is pretty much like what we have there.
So let's go ahead and look at adding these three action buttons there.
So we know how to do that because we're back to our weather app can see that we have that scaffolding
per se of actions that we can add.
So again, we can pass anything we want here, any composable, really.
It's still a row, which is great.
And in this case, let's go and add something because we know we are customizing this weather app to
work in any screen, really.
We are going to use, for instance, this is main pool in here to check whether we are showing and main.
And then that's the case.
Then we're going to show those buttons.
Otherwise, we're not going to show them.
So to do so, we can put an if statement here.
Someone say if is mean, it's true.
We can just see is mean like that.
If that's true, then I'm going to create in this case here, an icon button.
And for this icon button here inside, I'm going to create an icon like that for image.
I'm going to say icons that can use default.
I'm going to say search.
I'm going to have this nice search icon there, OK, for content.
I'm just going to go and see search icon like this.
And then I'm going to also add another icon button.
Icons get set out rounded and say more vertical.
This will give us this more icon that user will know when click, there's more to show.
Forget, let's go ahead and see if this is going to show anything.
And you can see there it is.
We have those two icons showing there.
Now this is only if Maine is true, right, meaning that we are on the main screen.
We want to show this else in this case here.
All I'm going to do, I'm just going to pass in a box, an empty box, which means, you know, nothing
really will show.
That's fine.
I'm going to go like this, and the next thing we do is, I know when we call this, we're just passing
Helena T here.
However, you notice that we have the weather object, right?
So we can use that to our advantage, which means for our title here, I'm going to use this weather
object and get this city title that we are trying to get the information about the weather for so long.
We say weather go again in, say, City, and I wanted the city name.
And I'm going to append a comma like this and then add a little bit more because they want to be able
to also say the country that you have silly object can get ID a name.
There is coordinates which we don't care about at this point, but we want to get to the countries to
get the.
In this case, the country code.
So we're going to use the same object.
So whether let's see.
Go to City and then get a country like this.
Now if you run this, you will see is going to say Portland, U.S. over there at the top.
Well, Portland, U.S. and I can put some space there.
You can see that very nice space in between.
OK.
Very good.
So it's working now, if we were to run this somewhere else or call these weather app on a different
screen, we can then of course say something like, well, is mean is false.
Which in which case, then what would be called in for ActionScript, which is going to be an empty
box, which means nothing.
None of these will show it makes sense because all of these items, all these icons are these action
icons.
We want to show them only if the users are on main screen.
And what else?
We don't want that.
Now let's look at the navigation icon.
Let's go back to where we are with our app for our navigation icon.
These navigation icons let me show you so you can see what I mean.
So this is what it mean.
So we can add in this case here, depending on where we are, we can add an icon that will represent
a back arrow, depending again on the screen.
So what I'm going to do is we can accommodate that by going to navigation icon.
And of course, we're going to check.
Remember, we're also passing this icon parameter image of a vector, which can be null.
So we're going to check, right?
Because if we are when we call this weather app and we are passing an icon, it means this icon is that
no, which means that this navigation icon needs to be triggered to show something.
So again, let's say, if icon might variable we're passing is not normal.
If that's the case, then we need to add an icon, something say icon and an image vector as such is
going to be the icon we're passing, right?
This icon.
There you can pass a description.
It's looks like I got the wrong icon, let's start over, say icon.
I want that first one there, OK?
Very good.
What a pass icon.
And this is going to where I'm just going to add in all.
That's fine, and I'm going to add a little tint to this icon.
And same material theme
and say on secondary like this and we're passing modifier and I want to make this icon, of course,
clickable.
So I'm going to invoke the clickable function there.
And this case here, when that's clicked, we're going to invoke the on button clicked and then say,
Invoke like it's going to just invoke this button.
Click What is that one?
Well, this is what we added there.
So the idea is that when that happens, we're going to pass it as a callback to whatever we are passing
when we call this navigation icon.
OK.
So if it's to go back or to go up or whatever reason they want to do, then that will be passed along.
To see this in action, I will have to go to Maine because remember, it's all contextual, which means
in our our bar here, I can go ahead and say I can see how over to make sure where is like it's after
title.
So right there.
And let's say icon
when I say equal to an icon with, say, icon default, say arrow back like this because icon is not.
No, that means then this will run and we're going to have something in our navigation icon.
Where do I get that callback right when that's clicked?
I want to be able to do something.
Now, if we go back to our weather app, you could see that on button clicked is the last function or
parameter of function in this case that is called, which means we can use a trailing the lambda.
What that means is that it can just go ahead at the end of weather app.
They can just put trailing lambda like this.
We don't pass anything that means here can stay logged.
In this case, they say, button clicked.
Like that, just put that inside of there, that's good.
So at this point here, if I run this, we're going to see in a back arrow, hopefully a message such
as this, OK?
There it is.
You can see they're not.
They will go click.
Let's go to our Logcat.
There we go.
Looks like our luck had is not really being responsive sometimes happens, what do you need to do is
restart the entire Android Studio, but it's OK.
We can go to run and we can see that the click button also is shown there.
So whenever you locate, it's not working if you go to the Run tab.
Usually you get the same functionality.
Forget it, so it's indeed working.
Obviously, this is not what we want.
I'm just showing you how this would look if we were to actually add that particular add that icon,
right?
So later, we'll see all that in action.
And so what I'm going to do now in on a main screen here, I'm going to say that I don't want this icon
at all because that's not the deal.
I don't want to have an icon there.
So I'm going to run this and we're just going to see Portland U.S. in that one thing I'm also going
to do.
It looks like that is too large.
Let's go back to our weather there.
And change the size of our title.
OK, let's go here.
Let's start by seeing the color two material theme.
Colonies on secondary, that's fine.
And let's give it a style.
I won't fight, wait to be bold, of course, and font size to be about.
15 got SB.
OK, let's see.
All right.
It looks much, much better.
I like that.
So now that we have our app are looking decent.
As you see there, we are going to move on and look at the actual body of our scaffold, right?
So we know.
So now we're going to go and look at all of this.
Of course, we're going to come back when we need and add more or at least restructure everything here.
But that's fine.
At least we have the bases, which is important because we can reuse it as many times as we need.